README.md, before:

# Referendum Coin
Are you living in a society with freedom and democracy? Is the current rules in your society  is the one which majority of population wants?
Do you think we need to have a referendum ?
Why gold is valuable and humankind used it as money?
Is freedom and desire for freedom is valuable like gold ? or maybe more ?
 
### The world first cryptocurrency which it’s value backed by freedom!
 
Referendum Coin is a new cryptocurrency just like Bitcoin or LiteCoin with some key differences:
Like bitcoin it’s using blockchain technology to keep records of transactions
The coin supply for this cryptocurrency is gain through referendums.
Each person who eligible and participated in this referendum (result of referendum not matter) will receive coin(s).
 
## How is it working
- Find a subject for a referendum that will bring the most value to our planet
- find the target society for this referendum
- Find Referendum community, the community should
- Decide about referendum date
- Define procedure to held a referendum
	They should KYC each member of target society to make sure
	Only people from target society eligible to vote
	Each person should proof him/her real identity
- every eligible participant will have a wallet in blockchain

Upon finishing referendum (independent of result) each participant will receive a ref-coin in their wallet(this is how the coins generated).
The referendum community after this stage will be responsible to take care of blockchain
New transactions will be added to blockchain using ‘proof of stake’ method and the referendum community will be responsible for this and they will rewarded by transaction fees
### During Referendum:
The votes will be stored on blockchain and will be visible to everyone.
Voting will be anonymous for the public
Result and the referendum will be instantly available for everyone 
### Use Case

Referendum about banning petrol cars

Target Community : People of Earth
Referendum options : Yes, No
Coins Distribution : each voter will receive one ref-coin
Referendum Community : companies which can KYC people of Earth
Referendum date : ?

How it works:

Each eligible person will have 
There will be two block chains
Referendum Ledger
	This blockchain will store the votes of each eligible person
After the process of KYC finished for eligible person, he/she will receive secret key and public key, which can use it for voting
Voting data structure will be like this:

	| Vote Option | Timestamp | public key | Signature |
Transaction Ledger
	Upon finishing of referendum ,each voter will receive a coin in this edger which they can transfer money throughout the network.
Everybody can create account on this ledger

Commit message:

MVP
MVP implementation on Etherium

README.md, after:

# Referendum Coin
Are you living in a society with freedom and democracy? Is the current rules in your society  is the one which majority of population wants?
Do you think we need to have a referendum ?
Why gold is valuable and humankind used it as money?
Is freedom and desire for freedom is valuable like gold ? or maybe more ?
 
### The world first cryptocurrency which it’s value backed by freedom!
 
Referendum Coin is a new cryptocurrency just like Bitcoin or LiteCoin with some key differences:
Like bitcoin it’s using blockchain technology to keep records of transactions
The coin supply for this cryptocurrency is gain through referendums.
Each person who eligible and participated in this referendum (result of referendum not matter) will receive coin(s).
 
## How is it working
- Find a subject for a referendum that will bring the most value to our planet
- find the target society for this referendum
- Find Referendum community, the community should
- Decide about referendum date
- Define procedure to held a referendum
	They should KYC each member of target society to make sure
	Only people from target society eligible to vote
	Each person should proof him/her real identity
- every eligible participant will have a wallet in blockchain

Upon finishing referendum (independent of result) each participant will receive a ref-coin in their wallet(this is how the coins generated).
The referendum community after this stage will be responsible to take care of blockchain
New transactions will be added to blockchain using ‘proof of stake’ method and the referendum community will be responsible for this and they will rewarded by transaction fees
### During Referendum:
The votes will be stored on blockchain and will be visible to everyone.
Voting will be anonymous for the public
Result and the referendum will be instantly available for everyone 
### Use Case

Referendum about banning petrol cars

Target Community : People of Earth
Referendum options : Yes, No
Coins Distribution : each voter will receive one ref-coin
Referendum Community : companies which can KYC people of Earth
Referendum date : ?


### referendum coin MVP
This is MVP implementation for the referendum coin
The coin will be created as a contract on the Etherium network. This contract requires a chairperson to watch the contract being executed and take care of distribution of coins after referendum has been finished.
Initially the chair person will create a bailout with number of proposals. The chairperson also receive all the coins.
After chairperson deployed the contract and distributed it over network on the certain period a voter will be eligible to vote to proposal.
after referendum date passed and eligible votes participated in the referendum, the chairperson will announce the result and will distribute the coins.
The rest of the coins which has not be allocated will be burnt by the chairperson.
